The city is enormous; most citizens live in very tall buildings, and the more
rich and powerful of course live in the top floors. Some towers and buildings
are 10 stories tall or more. The tallest stands 19 stories tall.

Magic is used to assist in the creation and maintenance of these buildings,
along with their supporting infrastructure such as elevators, walkways, etc.

There are walkways high up on the outside of most buildings in the more wealthy
neighbourhoods. These walkways, called top streets or sky streets, are usually
not connected directly to the street level, ensuring that only people who have
access to the top levels (i.e. the rich) can access the top streets.

A tall and very wide wall surrounds the city to keep the hostile Forest at bay.
If these magically reinforced walls weren't there, the trees of the Forest
would invade and directly attack the City and its inhabitants. The walls are
usually patrolled, although not because the Forest would actively engage the
walls because of their defensive magic, but to ensure that no miscreants try
and climb over the walls, and possibly provoke the creatures of the Forest.
Because on very rare occasions, these enterprising citizens have been thrown
back over the wall with such force as to kill citizens splat all over the
place, and sometimes even damaging buildings. Who or what tosses the citizens
back over the wall is not really understood, nor is the reason behind it.

The City can be expanded by so-called Land-Shards. These rare artifacts can
only be found in the Dungeon. They are magical devices that can drive away the
Forest and, for a short time, expose an area of raw bedrock. The city workers
must then in all haste construct a temporary magical bulwark against the
Forest. After that, a more permanent wall can be constructed. And only then can
the area be used as part of the City proper.

Because of the incremental expansion of the City, and the constant need to have
an outer wall, many buildings have been build using the former City wall as 
part of their structure. It is not uncommon to see long tall buildings where one
side was once the outer wall of the city.


## The Pit and Pit City

include::ch01-02-pit-city.asciidoc[]


## Edgetown

include::ch01-03-edgetown.asciidoc[]


## The Bedrock

include::ch01-04-bedrock.asciidoc[]


## Resources

include::ch01-05-resources.asciidoc[]


## Economy

include::ch01-06-economy.asciidoc[]


## The People

include::ch01-07-people.asciidoc[]

## The Guilds

### Importers Guild

### Merchants Guild

### Mages Guild

### Templars Guild

### Crafters Guild

## Options

### Conflicted City

The city is riddled with conflict, corruption, politics and drama. Guilds
constantly compete for power and resources. It is usually the adventurers that
suffer when the rich and powerful citizens compete against each other. For
instance, adventurers have to *pay* to get/accept quests. Only if they return
will they get their deposit back as well as the reward.

If adventurers bring loot up top that is not directly sanctioned via a quest,
it is heavily taxed by the guilds. Adventurers risk having their possessions
taxed more than once if they do not have the correct paper work. When you enter
the Dungeon you get a receipt of your equipment, and anything you bring back
other than the stated equipment is taxed. You do not get a rebate in case of
lost or expended equipment.

