### Spelunkers

Spelunkers make a living in the Dungeon in some way. This may be as miners,
guides, explorers, or just old school adventurers. Spelunkers have a strange
position in society; they are seen as both valiant heroes and dirty workers at
the same time. And since the average life span of a spelunker is very short,
they usually have trouble finding spouses. However, veteran spelunkers often
have a chance at reaching good societal standings.

### Nobility

§§§ Birth right, etc.


### City Constabulary

The city constables are the City's only police force. Their jurisdiction is
solely aboveground, and does not include Edgetown and Pit City.  Constables are
not paid especially well, but they are given adequate housing in the
constabulary barracks, they are well fed, and they have no other duties.
Moreover, it is seen as a sign of patriotism to have served as a constable. On
top of all this, some constables take bribes and use their positions, to gain
favors from influential people. For these reasons, many people especially young
males, choose to server e few years in the constabulary.  However, mainly two
types of people stay on for life: the truly good and the deeply corrupt; The
corrupt stay on for the money and influence, and the good stay on to make a
difference in the city and in the constabulary.

The most typical employee in the constabulary is a constable, but other
professions are also represented. For instance, the constabulary employs
lawyers, clerks, smiths, couriers, and even mages.


#### Mages

Mages are essential to the City; they can purify and improve the resources and
materiel extracted from the Dungeon; they can prevent and even cure disease;
they can make food last longer; they can assist in the construction of
everything from large buildings to tiny tools.


#### Healers 

§§§ (clerics) can make a good living by healing, creating food, creating and
purifying water, and other societal goods.


#### Importers

Importers are a special kind of merchant that trade directly with spelunkers to
purchase the products and materials from the Dungeon. Importers then sell on
such products to the crafters and merchants of the City. The Importers Guild
often commission the finding of certain materials. Some crafters are also
importers. However this means that the crafter will have to pay for memberships
in both the Crafters guild and the Importers guild.

#### Crafters

A crafter or craftsman is a person that is engaged in the industries of the
city. Craftsmen usually trade with merchants and importers, but may also trade
with spelunkers directly.


#### Merchants

As a rule, merchants are the only type of vendor that can deal with the public.
Crafters may only sell their goods to merchants, and merchants usually sell
their goods to the public. A crafter (or importer) that sells anything directly
to the public will have to a) be a member of the Merchants guild or b) pay a
hefty fee for doing so.


